Week 1

This week, I built the basic outline of what my project will look like using a Bootstrap template.
Right now it's full of placeholder text and images, which will change after next week. The location of the images may also change and/or be replaced with other elements. I pretty much inserted them randomly just so that I could figure out the captions, get them centered, etc. I don't know what photos I'll be using yet, so I really didn't know where to put them. Nevertheless, they'll resemble the placeholder images as far as captions and placement.
I found it difficult to make the format appealing on mobile. The header image looks fine on a large screen or even an iPad, but on a phone I don't think anybody would be able to decipher what the image is. However, I think that just might be the nature of this particular image. Once I have the real images in place, I'll be able to tell.
I'm pretty pleased with how it looks in general. The header is basically the only part of the original template I used, while the sections that come after it  use the same code but with the header replaced with an article. It just looks pretty — more so than I thought it would, to be honest.
As far as libraries and tutorials, I used this (http://media2.wcpo.com/html/longform_template/builder) to figure out how to add photo captions. Originally I was doing the captions using a hover effect, but that obviously doesn't work for mobile. I think the way this site does it is better.
This part of the project was difficult because it was — I hope — the most time consuming. I had to find the template, remove everything I didn't want and then add styles for articles since it didn't originally come with them. I don't anticipate the time issue being a problem in the coming weeks, however.
